Update Samples and documentation (#140)
Azure/azure-functions-kafka-extension: samples/README.md

> ## Getting started with Kafka locally

Author: Done

> In order to test the sample applications you need to have access to a Kafka instance. We have a several way to enable it.

Author: Done

### Visual Studio Core Remote - Containers

> Several samples provides [DevContainer](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-dev-containers) configuration. If you start the [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) on the target sample directory, it will automatically start a development environment on a Docker container with a local kafka cluster. It is the easiest option for starting a kafka cluster. [Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

Author: Done

## Language Support

Azure Functions Kafka Extension support several languages with follwing samples. For more details and getting started, please refer the links below.

| Language | Description | Link | DevContainer |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------------ |
| C# | C# precompiled sample with Visual Studio | [Readme](dotnet/README.md)| No |
| Java | Java 8 sample | [Readme](java/README.md) | Yes |
| JavaScript | Node 12 sample | [Readme](javascript/README.md)| Yes |
| PowerShell | PowerShell 6 Sample | [Readme](powershell/README.md)| No |
| Python | Python 3.8 sample | [Readme](python/README.md)| Yes |
| TypeScript | TypeScript sample (Node 12) | [Readme](typescript/README.md)| Yes |

## Custom Container

Custom container enable us to deploy custom container to the Function App. We can use any other languages, however, as an example, we provide a java sample to explan how to develop it.

| Language | Description | Link | DevContainer |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------------ |
| Java | Custom container sample | [Readme](container/README.md)| No |

> ## Tips

Reviewer: Change to Notes

Author: Done

> Kafka extension supports several lanugages, however, it uses the same Azure Functions host. For this reason, there is a common configuration for each lanugages. I'd like to provide configuration tips in common.

Reviewer: Change "I'd ...." to "Please find below some common notes which apply to all the languages."

Author: Done!

    "protocol" : "SASLSSL",
    "dataType" : "string",
    "topic" : "message",
    "authenticationMode" : "PLAIN",
    "consumerGroup" : "$Default",
    "cardinality" : "MANY",
    "username" : "%ConfluentCloudUsername%",
    "brokerList" : "%BrokerList%"
  } ]
}
```

### local.settings.json

The configuration of a local function runtime. If you deploy the target application on Azure with a `local.settings.json`, you will requires the same settings on the Function App [App settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-how-to-use-azure-function-app-settings#settings). 

For more details, refer to [Local settings file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=macos%2Ccsharp%2Cbash#local-settings-file).

```json
{
    "IsEncrypted": false,
    "Values": {
        "BrokerList": "pkc-epwny.eastus.azure.confluent.cloud:9092",
        "ConfluentCloudUsername": "WHYYKOT6JMPYGJJV",
        "ConfluentCloudPassword": "KUtytGe72JzhCKeA7cZ6dJj6oRE4I5NyOjMxj157tQaiJoVy67UD0sAqJM9e4QAZ",
        "FUNCTIONS_WORKER_RUNTIME": "python",
        "AzureWebJobsStorage": ""
    }
}
```

### Extension Bundle and install kafka extension

> For the latest Azure Function, we use [Extension Bundle](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-register#extension-bundles). However, for the Kafka extension, we are currently doesn't use it. In the near feature, Kafka extension will support it. The extnsion bundle will install extension automatically. So that we need to install Kafka extension manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently in Azure Functions - most triggers and bindings are ordinarily obtained using the extension bundle. However, currently the Kafka extension is not part of the extension bundle (will be added in the future). Meanwhile, you will have to install the Kafka extension manually.
```

For installing Kafka extension manually:

#### Create extensions.csproj file

Azure Functions extension is written in C#. We need to install with .NET Core capability. `csproj` file is a project file for .NET. For more information refer to [Understanding the project file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/web-forms/overview/deployment/web-deployment-in-the-enterprise/understanding-the-project-file)

_extensions.csproj_

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk">
  <PropertyGroup>
    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.1</TargetFramework>
	<WarningsAsErrors></WarningsAsErrors>
	<DefaultItemExcludes>**</DefaultItemExcludes>
  </PropertyGroup>
  <ItemGroup>

>     <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Kafka" Version="2.0.0-beta" />

Reviewer 2: We need to update it to the latest release in the next pr.

Author: Absolutely!
